# 16833 Semantic ORB SLAM
## Group Memmbers: Tae Rugh, Ben Spin, Denis Alpay, Tariq Jaheer Hussain, Jeremy Kilbride

### Motivation 
This project aims to integrate Semantic segmentation into data association methods used with ORB feature detection.

### Dependencies
This project uses openCV, the DBoW2 library, and the jsoncpp library. DBoW2 and jsoncpp are included in the repository.

### Usage
This code has been tested on Ubuntu 20.04. Before Running this code you will need to install openCV on your system. On Ubuntu you can use `sudo apt install libopencv-dev`. You will also need to install cmake to build the code. On Ubuntu do `sudo apt install cmake`. Then you should be able to build with no issues.

The `postprocess.py` script can be used to create plots of the output data after running `feature_detection.cpp`. This script take two arguments, `dataset_name` is mandatory and will be used to identify the plots generated by appending the arguement onto the end of the filenames for the generated plots. `--path_to_output` is an optional arguement. The defualt assumes you are doing an out of source build for `feature_detection.cpp` in a directory called "build" that is adjacent to your source directory, and that the generated `.txt` file is in that build directory. 

The `replicator_step.py` script is used for data generation in NVIDIA Isaac Sim, and it will not work without NVIDIA Omniverse and NVIDIA Isaac Sim is installed. It is included here only for the purpose of completeness.
